What the fuck is going on?
It's my auntie.
Who d'you think it is?
You've got a twin brother?
Nowt's getting past you!
Oh, my God.
You fancy him, don't you?
Has this got something to do with
the dead girl at the cemetery?
How d'you know about her?
Who is she?
She was my girlfriend.
She died. Drugs overdose.
Me and you fought the Nazis
and I died?
'You kissed me
when you gave me the power.'
And how was that?
Yeah, it was all right.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Big news. You're going to be doing
some gardening.
Gardening?
Uh, I had a call from
this guy at Wertham General.
He's got some weeds need weeding,
plants need planting.
I said, "Yes, mate.
I'll put my top people right on it."
I'd got myself geared up
for dog-shit, here.
I thought we were doing
dog-shit, man.
It's... it's fine.
Tools are in the storeroom,
the hospital's that way.
Fucking gardening.
What's he doing here?
Do you think he's here
to take our powers?
It's the law of the jungle,
kill or be killed.
Hi.
You motherfucker. What's that?
Ha-ha! No, no, I'm sorry. I am so
sorry. I'm sorry, I made a mistake.
I've made a mistake,
I've made... Argh!
Sorry. He's got me.
Help me or he's going to break it.
What the fuck are you doing?
Why are you here?
Er...
Erm...
I just came to see
if you want to go for a drink.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd, MemoryOnSmells
Are you OK?
Yeah.
I thought that went really well.
So, did you want to go
for that drink like a date?
Yeah.
Good.
I was thinking,
bar on the estate, half seven?
Wow, the bar on the estate.
Classy!
All right then. I'll see you later.
What about Shannon?
You were right.
She's not coming back.
I wonder what happens when he, er...
when he shags you.
Do you reckon he takes your powers?
Maybe that's it, right?
Maybe he gets his kicks from just
going around, shagging girls
and stealing their powers. Hmm?
Why would he do that?
Well, I don't know,
why does Richard Saunders film
himself crapping out of trees?
Who's Richard Saunders?
A friend. Just promise me one thing,
you'll make him wear a condom.
Can you just shut up about him?
Better still, make him wear two.
Double-bag it!
I need to get some bread.
I went to make some toast
this morning, it was all mouldy.
We're out of cereal as well.
I'll stop somewhere on the way home.
Maybe just get a takeaway.
I can't do this. I just can't
see you like this any more.
I loved you so much.
Goodbye, Jen.
Are you all right?
Do you want me to get someone?
Hey.
I know you can hear me.
And I just want to say sorry.
I have to do this.
I have to get back to him.
I used to hate it,
how dark they kept it in here.
Hey, that walk to the hospital,
man, it took ages.
Really, that's interesting!
There's an anger management
counsellor here for you.
For me?
Yeah. It's all part of your
"ongoing rehabilitation".
Did you have the last Twix?
Yes.
She's waiting for you in my office.
Enjoy.
For fuck's sake.
It wasn't even me, it was him.
Who?
Who do you think? This whiny little
prick in here. The other me.
I was seeing this girl, right.
Nice girl, Dutch-Irish.
Had a webbed foot. Left foot, fine.
Right foot, just a little bit creepy.
Might have been the other way around.
Anyway, so we have this big row,
we end up breaking up.
Honestly, I weren't that bothered.
Cos there's plenty more fish
in the sea and all that.
She couldn't wear flip-flops. Because
of the web, she had no toe-groove.
Anyway, so we split up.
You know, she's really angry,
starts running her mouth off,
all gets a little bit personal.
Honestly, dude, I were fine with it,
mate. Not him.
He starts getting himself
all upset, ends up trashing her car,
she rang the police.
Boom.
So that's why you're
on community service?
Yes! Yes. He did it, I took the rap.
I'm totally innocent.
Mmm. Yes.
We should write a campaign song.
Do some wristbands.
You, you're very clever,
aren't you, eh?
So, my name's Clare Bradman,
I'm a behavioural therapist
and I specialise in issues
around anger management.
Firstly, I don't want you to feel
intimidated, you're not on trial.
All we do is we just sit here
and we talk.
We "talk"?
You sound surprised?
Well, yeah, because
it's anger management.
I... I don't know, I thought
we'd be smashing some stuff up
or putting some boxing gloves on,
taking turns beating the shit out
of each other. Do we not?
We don't do that, do we?
I'm afraid not.
Yeah, well, I'm going to have to be
honest with you, Clare,
when I say... that I'm disappointed.
Why don't we make a start?
Mmm?
Yeah.
Hi.
Hello?
You probably don't remember me.
I was a friend of Jen's.
We were at school together.
Right.
Can I come in?
Er, yeah. Sure.
Shall we talk some more about
the incident with the car?
Yeah, if you want.
What was it, do you think,
that made you react the way you did?
I honestly don't know.
It were a full moon. I tend to go
a bit mental on a full moon.
I'm like half-wolf.
I do have exceptionally hairy balls,
so...
Can I ask you something?
Mmm.
Did you wet the bed as a child?
N-No.
It's often linked to
anger issues in adults.
There's no shame in it.
Where do you get this stuff from?
Cos it's...
I've dealt with individuals
who've wet the bed
well into their late teens.
I know it can be very traumatic...
as a child,
to have to go through all that
on your own.
Yeah, can it? Just... give me
a minute, cos I've got, er...
Things I just need to... Nice one.
This is such bullshit.
She's onto you. I think she knows.
She doesn't know anything.
She knows you're a bedwetter.
I'm not a bedwetter!
I haven't done that in years.
Haven't you?
Now, listen, that was one time.
And I was drunk. Right?
And everybody does that anyway,
so it's different.
We should go back in.
She's making some good points, man.
No, I'm not having you in here.
You're popping out every time
she gets personal.
You can wait for me outside.
No, fine.
That's absolutely fine by me.
I was only trying to...
If that's how you feel.
Are you OK?
Do you want to talk about it?
I've been lucky.
Everyone's been really supportive.
Bringing me food,
making sure I'm OK.
Sorry, it's really weird.
Jen used to do that.
Actually, do you mind
if we do this another time?
I'm having a bit of a shit day.
Dom. It's OK.
Everything's going to be OK.
It's me.
It's Jen. I'm Jen. In here.
What the fuck are you talking about?
What do you want to know?
Our first date?
We went to your cousin's house party
and we had this disgusting
cherry vodka
and I was sick on your trainers,
and they were new, and
they were grey with red, red bits...
and we moved in here and I dropped
the TV and you shouted at me
and it still has all these
weird lines across the screen.
Everything you told me
at the hospital, about...
about your phone getting stolen,
about your dad breaking his finger.
And this morning, you told me
about the bread going mouldy.
I heard it, I heard everything, Dom.
Jen?
Have you seen Kelly?
Not since this morning.
I guess you've been stood up.
'Hi, it's Kelly. I'm not about,
leave me a message.'
I'm in the bar. Where are you?
If you're not into me,
just tell me, yeah?
You moved the sofa?
I just shifted some stuff around.
Flat screen TV?
Yeah, got it a couple of months ago.
It looks nice.
Cheers.
So much better in here.
This is so fucked up.
Yeah, pretty fucked up.
We should get a takeaway.
How about a Chinese?
Yeah, OK.
Cool, I'll just go and get changed.
I know this is weird,
but this is the only way
we can be together.
Yeah, I know.
I am happy.
I'm going to order that Chinese.
I need to eat something that doesn't
come through a tube.
Oh...
Right, has anyone seen
the other me?
He didn't come home last night,
you know.
No, sorry.
It's fine. I just feel weird
when he's not inside me.
Do you know what I mean?
Not that kind of
"inside me." Don't do that.
Kelly's not here either.
Shit. You know what this means,
don't you, right?
Kelly and the other me,
they're fucking.
She didn't show up for
her date last night.
Right. You lot can fuck off
back to the hospital.
Except you.
Your shrink's here.
Again?
Oh, hold up. Where's the other one?
Oh, she just phoned me.
She's not well.
She's got period pains.
Bad ones.
Don't you hate it
when that happens?
You know,
when you get the really bad ones?
Terrible.
Well...
that's her in the shit.
Brilliant.
Dom?
So...
Here we are again.
I was thinking...
For today's session,
if it's OK with you...
we could, um,
pick up where we left off.
That's interesting.
That's... Oh!
Hang... hang on.
It's nothing.
Carry on, it's all right.
Oh, therapy...
I love it!
All right?
Were you wanking?
No!
So what if I was?
You're wanking,
on your own, in a cupboard?
We used to do it.
Yeah, and it was weird then.
I never heard you complaining.
What's going on?
Have you been wanking?
Do you want to say it a bit louder?
What?
Why are you here?
What, you think
I was watching him wank?
That's what you used to do.
I'm not getting into this.
It's too weird.
Hey! Come here!
Oh, let me tell you something,
right,
she is one amazing therapist.
I can't believe the council
actually pay for that kind of thing.
And I tell you something else,
if I could be bothered,
I would write a letter to Social
Services and just congratulate them.
Seriously.
Move.
Where have you been?
Nowhere.
What's that?
It's nothing.
What is that?
Is that a love...
Ugh! It's a love bite!
What are you, a 12-year-old girl?
You are fucking Kelly! I knew it.
No, it's not Kelly.
It's Clare.
The therapist?!
Yeah.
Hang on, that explains a few things,
does that.
What do you mean?
Your fuck-buddy has just
wanked me off.
What?!
Yeah, I know! She just whipped it
out and starts plugging away on it
like she's trying to break it.
Why didn't you stop her?
Why would I do that? Eh?
God, she's intense though, man.
Did she do all that crying
straight after?
Like crying, immediately afterwards.
I can't believe this.
I've just shot my load,
she starts getting all heavy, like,
"I shouldn't be doing this,
I'm a total mess."
At one point,
I was honestly considering
shoving my cock into her mouth
just to shut her up, mate.
Oi! Now you stop it! You don't
talk about my girlfriend like that.
No! No!
You're not going out with her, man.
She's better than some of the skanky
horrible sluts you end up with.
She's old and she's a psycho and she
cries after she's wanked people off.
She cries because she cares.
Unlike you.
No, you listen.
You don't get to choose. I choose.
And that's how this thing works,
right?
You get back in here, because
I'm not having people thinking
I'm fucking a 40-year-old woman.
No. I love her.
And I don't care what you think.
Don't you walk out of this room.
Kelly?
Kelly!
What are you doing?
I just wanted to come.
Why?
I don't know.
I'm not in there any more.
I'm right here.
So who is in there?
I don't know.
I've no idea.
Look, it just happened.
I was lying there,
she came in and we swapped.
That's not right, Jen.
So what? You care more about
a girl you've never met?
No, of course I don't.
Well, come on then.
Do you have any idea
how sick I am of this room?
Who is she, Jen?
Just forget about her.
I don't think I can.
OK, then.
What are you doing?
Turning her off. You'll have no
choice. You'll have to be with me.
You're not Jen.
You've changed.
I don't know who you are any more.
Dom, wait!
Look Dom, I didn't plan any of this.
Get off me.
Dom, please don't go!
I came back to you.
Yeah? Well, I don't want you.
I don't want you like this.
Get off her!
Are you OK?
I think you should leave.
Yeah, so do I.
Kelly? Come on, let's go.
Hello.
Hiya. Just to let you know, I've
been having a think about us...
Yeah, it's not going to happen.
Right? I mean, listen,
thanks for the hand job
and the sex and all that.
Brilliant. But you are...
you're quite old and you cry,
a lot. Hmm?
Bye, then.
Who was the guy at the hospital?
Oh, I don't want to talk about it.
You should get changed before
the probation worker gets back.
Where were you last night?
Kelly, what happened?
You didn't even text me.
I was busy.
That's the best
you can come up with?
Will you just fuck off
and stop following me?
Hiya.
What?
I've... I've booked a table.
Do you like Italian food?
Are you taking the piss?
No. I'm not taking...
taking the piss?
Prick!
Aaarghh!
Guys, guys?
What's going on with Kelly?
How do you mean?
Well, she won't talk to me.
Can someone tell me what's going on?
Well, there was this guy.
She's seeing someone else?
No. This guy in the hospital.
She had a fight with him.
Why?
I don't know.
She won't talk about it.
Right, well we need to find her.
Do the power thing,
find out where she is.
OK.
Dr Jones is on her way.
What? What is it?
Well, she's in the hospital.
I think it's serious.
Dom!
Check again. Kelly Bailey,
five foot five, medium build.
Wears her hair pulled back,
like, all the way back, like that.
Sorry.
It's not coming up with anything.
That's the woman I saw. That way.
This is the room.
OK. That's not Kelly.
No, she is sexy though, hmm!
For a coma victim, she is.
Do it again.
It's her. She's in there.
Who is?
Kelly. That's Kelly.
It's a body-swap.
They must've switched places.
Oh, my God.
This is like that film
with Nicolas Cage in.
Face/Off.
Face/Off wasn't a body-swap. They
had surgery to look like each other.
Oh.
This is more like Freaky Friday.
Who gives a shit?
What are we going to do about Kelly?
All right, come on. Come on.
Why don't you check this out?
Wake up! Wake up!
Wake, wake up!
What are you doing?
I'm waking her up.
Don't you think they tried that?
Maybe they hadn't thought of it.
Wake up! You're faking it,
we all know it.
Oh. I didn't know she had visitors.
Are you family?
I'm her brother.
Could I have a word?
Dick head!
Oooh, eh!
I've just spoken to your mother.
I don't know if she's told you yet,
she's made the decision to turn
Jen's ventilator off.
You may want to say goodbye.
No, you can't do that.
I'm sorry.
They're shutting her down.
What?
They're turning off her life
support.
We need to steal the body.
Oh!
What are you saying?
If she dies, Kelly dies.
Let's pack her up.
Where will we take her?
The Community Centre.
The Community Centre. Brilliant.
That is the perfect place
to take a girl in a coma, innit?
You take the beepy thing, the
breathing thing and the piss-bag.
Hiya, hello,
I'm just visiting my granddad,
and I'm pretty sure
he's prolapsed his anus.
I mean, I'm not an expert,
but it's looking that way.
Could you just come
and have a look for me?
Nice one, cheers. He's just
down here, he's in a terrible way.
Really painful for him.
Just prod him in the stomach
or something. Just there.
Oh, sh...!
Come on.
Shit!
Grab her hand.
Can you just hurry up, yeah?
Hey! Wait!
Come on. Get in the front!
Quickly!
You all right?
Kell?
Kelly?
What are you doing?
I've lost him.
I've lost everything.
I know exactly how you feel.
Come on, move, man!
Oh, well I feel
like I should be helping!
Call the other Kelly.
We need her to get here
and make her swap back.
Right, I'm on it.
She was my first, Clare.
I never really done it
without him before, you know.
By meself, just me.
Afterwards, she just lay on me.
We were there for ages.
He just sleeps with people,
he's out of there before he's
had time to take his condom off.
I'm never going to find anyone,
am I?
Do you want another one?
Yeah.
Hello?
'Hello?'
What have you said to Clare?
What are you doing on Kelly's phone?
'Where are you now?'
I'm out. With Kelly.
No, that's not Kelly.
'Kelly's in a coma,
there's someone else inside her.
'You need to get her back
to the Community Centre right now,
'or the real Kelly's going to die.'
We need to get away,
we need to get some fresh air.
What about the seaside?
Cos that always really cheers
me up, like a nice donkey ride.
Eh, that's the probation
worker's car.
I can drive us down there,
come on. Keys are down here.
We could get some fish and chips.
Do you like fish and chips?
Course you do. It's just in here.
The keys are in there.
No. You can't make
me go back in there.
Why is there a girl in
a coma in the store room?
Hey, you're going nowhere.
We were supposed to be going
out for a drink together.
Me and Kelly.
It could've been nothing. Maybe she
would've been too high maintenance,
maybe I would've got on her nerves.
But what if she liked me?
What if we were good together?
We were good together. Me and Dom.
What, the guy from the hospital?
I thought I could make it work.
I was wrong.
He doesn't love me any more.
Not like this.
That is not you.
I just don't want to
be this person any more.
You've called an ambulance, yeah?
We should call an ambulance.
We can't. They'll think
it's Kelly, they'll arrest her.
It weren't Kelly though, were it?
Yeah, well, try explaining that.
Why did she stab me?
What did I ever do to her?
That wasn't Kelly.
She swapped bodies.
What?
We've kind of got these powers.
We're like superheroes.
Show him.
Come on.
What the fuck?
You'll be fine.
I can't believe I never
picked up on it.
You bunch of dicks.
Fucking superheroes?
You have to promise me.
If I go back in there,
find Dom and bring him here.
I want him to see me
one last time, like I was.
Don't let him leave me like that.
You can't leave me in there.
Do you understand?
I understand.
Kelly?
You OK?
Come on.
It's what she wanted.
It's good to see you again.
I've missed you.
Goodbye, Jen.
So does this make the Power
Guy one of the gang now?
Cos I don't know how
I feel about that, you know.
We're not a gang, man.
This ain't primary school.
What's his name anyway?
It's Seth.
Seth. Seth.
"All right, my name is Seth.
Can I be one of your gang?"
So I guess you stood me up.
I was in a fucking coma.
Oh, that's your excuse, is it?
Kell... Sorry.
Can we, er, borrow
your boyfriend's BMW?
We've got a probation worker to bury
and he's actually quite heavy, so...
Thanks... Seth.
Cheers for getting me
out and everything.
It's OK.
But then I saved you from the
Nazis so we're probably all square.
I'm glad you're back.
You just fuck me and leave? You
said you weren't one of those guys!
Yeah. I lied.
You can't remember someone
you had sex with? Classy.
What the fuck is that?!
Did I have sex with you last night?
You need to try and
remember what happened.
So you fucked someone in my bed?!
I'm scared.
Are you pregnant?
What?
It's OK. I know it's not
what either of us planned.
I just want to say that
I'm there for you.
I keep randomly changing.
Something's going on with my power.
Swap back, just stop
moaning about it.
I can't switch back.
Subtitles by Red Bee Media Ltd, MemoryOnSmells
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org